{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0 {\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s0\f0\fs24\cf0\sbasedon222\snext0\ql Default;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0 CM3;}{\s2\sl336\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM1;}{\s3\sl336\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM2;}}
{\*\generator Adobe Acrobat Exchange-Pro 8.2.1}{\info{\title Tchepone}{\author www.traditionalmusic.co.uk}{\keywords Folk,music,songs,lyrics,bluegrass,old-time-music}{\creatim\yr2010\mo1\dy26\hr13\min48\sec8}{\revtim\yr2010\mo1\dy26\hr13\min48\sec8}{\id1303724}}
\pard\plain\ql\f0\fs24\cf0 \paperh16840\paperw11900\margt2\margb107\margr287\margl900\pghsxn17340\pgwsxn11900\margtsxn2\margbsxn107\margrsxn287\marglsxn900\pard \'20\par\pard\absw8412\phpg\posx1791\pvpg\posy79\li0\sl460\slmult0\b\fs38 Traditional & Folk Songs with lyrics & midi music www.traditionalmusic.co.uk 
\b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw2226\phpg\posx5324\pvpg\posy1447\li0\b\fs30 Tchepone \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw1696\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy2110\ri0\sl336\slmult0\fs28\f1 Tchepon\fs28 e \fs28 (Toby Hughes\fs28 ) \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5551\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy3114\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
I was hangin' round ops just a-spendin' my tim\fs28 e \fs28 Off of the schedule and not earnin' a dim\fs28 e \fs28 When a colonel comes up and he says, "I suppos\fs28 e \fs28 You fly a fighter by the cut of your clothes.\fs28 " \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5037\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy4787\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
"You got me right, and a good one," I say\fs28 , \fs28 "Do you happen to have me a target today?\fs28 " \fs28 He says," Yes I do, and a real easy one\fs28 , \fs28 No sweat, my boy, it's an old-time milk run.\fs28 " \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw5849\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy6460\ri0\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
I gets all excited and I asks where it's at\fs28 , \fs28 He gives me a wink and a tip of his hat\fs28 . \fs28 "It's three-fifty miles to the northwest of home\fs28 , \fs28 A small peaceful hamlet that's known as Tchepone.\fs28 "\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s1\absw3902\phpg\posx495\pvpg\posy8134\li0\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
 Oh, I sure love Tchepone. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw4849\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy8803\ri0\sl336\slmult0\fs28 I go gets my G-suit and straps on my gu\fs28 n \fs28 Helmet and gloves, out the door on the run\fs28 . \fs28 Fire up my Phantom and take to the air
\fs28 , \fs28 Tubes tucked in tight, we haven't a care\fs28 . \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5375\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy10477\sl336\slmult0\fs28 In forty-five minutes we're over the town\fs28 , \fs28 Twenty-eight thousand and screaming on down\fs28 . 
\fs28 Arm up the switches and dial in the mill\fs28 , \fs28 Rack up the wings and roll in for the kill\fs28 . \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw5902\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy12150\ri0\sl336\slmult0\fs28 We feel a bit sorry for folks down belo\fs28 w \fs28 Of destruction that's coming, they surely don't know
\fs28 . \fs28 The thought passes quickly, we know war is o\fs28 n \fs28 Downward we scream for peaceful Tchepone\fs28 .\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s1\absw4847\phpg\posx495\pvpg\posy13824\li0\sl336\slmult0\fs28  Unsuspecting, peaceful Tchepone. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5050\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy14493\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
Release altitude and the pipper's not righ\fs28 t \fs28 I'll trim 'er a little to lay 'em in tight\fs28 . \fs28 Tickle them beauties at two-point-five grand\fs28 , \fs28 Starting my pull when it all hits the fan\fs28 . \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw6040\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy16166\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
A black puff in front and then two on the righ\fs28 t \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\pagebb\absw4989\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy69\ri0\sl336\slmult0\fs28 Then six or eight more, and I suck it in tight\fs28 . \fs28 Small-arms and tracers and heavy ack-ac\fs28 k \fs28 
It's scattered to broken with all kinds of flak\fs28 . \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5924\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy1407\sl336\slmult0\fs28 I jink hard to right and head up to the blue\fs28 , \fs28 My wing man says, "Lead! They're shooting at you!\fs28 " 
\fs28 "No bull!" I cry as I point her for home\fs28 , \fs28 Still comes the fire from the town of Tchepone\fs28 .\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s1\absw3716\phpg\posx495\pvpg\posy3081\li0\sl336\slmult0\fs28  Dirty, deadly Tchepone. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5727\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy3750\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
I make it on home with six holes in my bir\fs28 d \fs28 With the colonel that sent me I'd sure like a word\fs28 . \fs28 But he's nowhere about, though I look near and far\fs28 , \fs28 He's gone back to Saigon to help run the war\fs28 . \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw5662\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy5424\ri0\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
Well I've been in this country for many a da\fs28 y \fs28 And I've seen the things they are throwin' my way\fs28 . \fs28 I know there are places I don't like to g\fs28 o \fs28 Down in the Delta and in Tally-h\fs28 o \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw5859\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy7097\sl336\slmult0\fs28 
But I'll bet all my flight pay the jock ain't been bor\fs28 n \fs28 Who can keep all his cool when he's over Tchepone\fs28 .\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s1\absw3906\phpg\posx495\pvpg\posy8101\li0\sl336\slmult0\fs28  Oh, don't go to Tchepone. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw3896\phpg\posx216\pvpg\posy8771\ri0\sl333\slmult0\fs28 
To the tune of Strawberry Roan From recording The Longest Year \ulnone\strike0 }